Add note on sink's eventual consistency (#1629)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/data-delivery.md

To stream data out of RisingWave, you must create a sink. A sink is an external target that you can send data to. Use the [`CREATE SINK`](/sql/commands/sql-create-sink.md) statement to create a sink. You need to specify what data to be exported, the format, and the sink parameters.

> Sinks will take some time to catch up to their upstream source(s) due to latency of the sink, connector or backfilling process.

Reviewer: We should add context to this note. Consider:

```suggestion
Sinks become visible right after you create them, regardless of the backfilling status. Therefore, it's important to understand that the data in the sinks may not immediately reflect the latest state of their upstream sources due to the latency of the sink, connector, and backfilling process.
```

> So you can expect that the data in the sink will be eventually consistent.

Reviewer: "Eventually" is not clear enough. Users might want to know when the sink data can fully align with the source data. Consider:

```suggestion
To determine whether the process is complete and the data in the sink is consistent, refer to [Monitor statement progress](/manage/view-statement-progress.md).
```

Reviewer: Btw, it might be convenient to users if RisingWave could automatically return the status when the process is complete.
